Community infrastructure docs (#2)
localstack/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

This document serves the need for a guide for contributors to help them understand the overall organization of the LocalStack community projects. As an emerging open-source community, we have a plethora of work that we need to do and complete, and it is not just limited to code. 

From a contribution perspective, you can work on writing examples, triaging issues and pull requests, submitting bug fixes, suggesting improvements and making our documentation accessible to more users. 

## Prerequisites

Before submitting any contributions to LocalStack, you should complete the following prerequisties. Having completed and understood the basic philosophy around these steps would make it easier for you to land your first contribution.

### Code of conduct

LocalStack governs its participants according to the Contributor Covenant [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). As a contributor, you agree to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [info@localstack.cloud](mailto:info@localstack.cloud).

### Setup the development environment

> To contribute code contributions, setting up a development environment is required. Review the [LocalStack developer guide](https://docs.localstack.cloud/developer-guide/) to understand how you can setup the environment and make the desirable changes. It is also recommended to look at our [public roadmap](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/blob/master/doc/roadmap/README.md) and [open issues](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/issues) for better context around contributions we are looking for.

Reviewer: Not sure if/how we're using the road map. ` Jul 19, 2017` => seems like this document is quite abandoned at the moment.

Author: I would remove its references from the LocalStack `README.md` as well then.

Our contribution flow is very straightforward and follows an issue-pull request workflow. The contributors need to fork the repository for having their contributions landed on the project. If you are looking to contribute, we have laid down a series of steps that we would like you to follow.

### Find an issue to work on

We would recommend you to go through the **Issues** of the specific project that you would like to contribute to. You can additionally:

-   Understand and identify the gaps in the code and documentation.
-   Understand the code formatting, stylistic principles and comment format that is being followed.
-   Test specific pull requests and the project on your local machine and see if the changes are desirable.

Exploring the issues and pull requests, will give you an idea of how the contribution flow works. Upon finding something to work on, you can either request for the issue to be assigned to you (if someone else has created the Issue) or you can make your own. To ensure that the issue is received positively by the maintainers make sure of the following:

> - If you are filling a Bug report, make sure that the template is properly filled up with all the information that the maintainer needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are filing a Bug report, make sure that the report includes all the information that the maintainer needs to reproduce the issue.
```

- If you are filling a feature request, make sure you pitch in your idea well and it should be constructive.

> - Before making an issue, make sure it has not been already created or is being worked on by someone else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before opening a new issue, make sure a similar one has not already been created or is being worked on by someone else.
```

### Landing your pull request

To make sure you land a great contribution, we would request you to follow the standard Git & GitHub workflow to know about code collaboration. If you are not already familiar with Git, we would suggest you follow the [official Git documentation](https://git-scm.com/doc).

We would recommend:

> -   Every pull request should have the corresponding issue linked to it.
> -   Every pull request should pass the automated CI checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Every Pull Request should have the corresponding issue linked to it.
-   Every Pull Request should pass the automated CI checks.
```

> -   Every Pull Request should be as atomic as possible. 

Reviewer: might need additional explanation :thinking:

Author: Added a small note below.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Every Pull Request should include a test verifying the new/fixed behavior.

```

### Find an issue to work on

We would recommend you to go through the **Issues** of the specific project that you would like to contribute to. You can additionally:

-   Understand and identify the gaps in the code and documentation.
-   Understand the code formatting, stylistic principles and comment format that is being followed.
-   Test specific pull requests and the project on your local machine and see if the changes are desirable.

Exploring the issues and pull requests, will give you an idea of how the contribution flow works. Upon finding something to work on, you can either request for the issue to be assigned to you (if someone else has created the Issue) or you can make your own. To ensure that the issue is received positively by the maintainers make sure of the following:

- If you are filing a Bug report, make sure that the report includes all the information that the maintainer needs to reproduce the issue.

> - If you are filling a feature request, make sure you pitch in your idea well and it should be constructive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are filing a feature request, make sure you pitch in your idea well and it should be constructive.
```
